So we added the resetting and the clear mechanism let's make sure we can delete the items for this of
course and even our listener here and definitely try solving this on your own if you want.
So that's your chance to pause the video
if you don't want to solve it on your own or if you are already finished with it now.
Well we can definitely go ahead and do it together.
So I'm calling on the lead here.
When it clicked the delete button and I'll add this method to my shopping edit component.
Well in on THE LEAD What do we need to do here.
We need to inform the service that it should remove one of the items in the raid that is basically almost
all we all need to make sure that we call this on clear because we definitely also want to clear a form
if we delete the item which was loaded.
Now in a shopping list service I need to add a Meffert delete ingredient and I expect to get indexed
where I should delete it with that information I can simply use my ingredients array and splice one
of the elements splice allows us to start at a specific point for example at index year and then splice
one element thus removing it.
And then of course as always we should call ingredients change and of course you could read fact or
it is in its own method.
But I think that's OK I like this too.
So here I will slice or simply pass a copy of my ingredients and with that the final step is before
we clear everything I will reach out to my shopping list servers call delete ingredient and simply pass
the added item index as a value.
Now this will throw an error or if it clicked delete without loading an item.
So therefore I will simply add NGF to the bottom and I'll just restructure to make it easier to read
Engy if to only display the button.
If we are in added mode so no I don't default we don't see delete fate switch to an item.
I Kansi and I click it it resets the form and delete the id..
Now no more items are left of course.
I can still add new ones and delete them again so that is our shopping list for them.
Working with the template driven approach and a lot of other nice features like the service really showing
you how you could set up something like this.
How you can use set value how you can reset the form and therefore hopefully both the form you need
now in the next lecture.
I will move on to the recipe edit form which you will create using the re-active approach